 Thank you for calling medical waste froze. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, are you on the answering surface? If you work directly in the location. I'm not directly in your area. I'm at our main office, but I can get you some information. So I have a patient. She's trying to find a location. We have a specific one in our place that they wouldn't be able to pick it up, like take it from the patient. But she's in Jersey City. I found a someplace that's called. I can't find it anymore. Oh, there it is. 165 Erie. Do you know if this location is still up and running? So that's a pharmacy. Are you looking to dispose of sharps or pharmaceuticals? Disposive sharps, like the needle. Okay. What's your zip code? And I can see what options are nearby. 07302. 07302. Okay. And is this a cell phone that you're on? This is the office clinic number. Okay. So I believe those locations they accept just pharmaceutical drop-offs. I feel like I'm for sharps. I know of a Tiffany natural pharmacy that does offer some sharp drop-off and I can give you their number. And they're in Jersey City as well? No, it's showing that they're in Westfield. Westfield. Oh, little bit of Jersey there. Yeah, those other locations are just showing me pharmaceuticals. You're welcome to call them directly. Those are pharmacies there. But as far as I know, they don't take the sharps. And the medical waste ones, this one, that's 65-year-olds. Yes, this one should. You should always call for a severity. But I can give you their number if you'd like. Yeah, what's the direct number for that one too? That number is 9082332200. That's for the Tiffany natural rate. Westfield? Correct. Gotcha. I think that's the only one that we have that's in Jersey, New Jersey, local area. As far as I know for the partners that I live. Like, yeah, that's showing what I have. All right, I'll give her this information and see what we could do there. And then, um, okay. Yes, we'll get me my keep searching. It's too far for her. But I'll let her know. Thank you. Okay, thank you.