 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi Ashley, this is Dorothy. I know you get off at 630-something. Make it quick. I got a bunch of shredding that need that. How much do you all charge? Yeah, so there's a couple options offered based on your volume. How many boxes are bags of shredding? Do you estimate you have? I got maybe like 10, 13 bags of what's called them. 15 gallons bags or something? Okay. And what's the total worth locating? 12701 up here in Monticello. 12701. Okay. And so you said they're like 10 to 15 kitchen size bags? Let's see, 1234. It's about I would say close to 10 kitchen bags full of paper. Okay. So yeah, what that amount of us option is going to be a service where the truck comes to you for the shredding. So let me tell you about the locating. And then we'll get you some price genius and information. What is your first and last name? My first name is Dorothy. My last name is Horton, but I'm not going to I'm not going to commit into you telling me the price and then and I still call you. They're going to call you with a quote. So yeah, no, you're not signing up for anything. They just need some contact information. So you said your first name is Dorothy and then Dorothy. Last last last name report. I'm sorry. I'm already reached out to us already. I'm seeing you're information. Oh, I do. Yeah. So I got your info to our partner legal shred. Have you heard from them? Somebody called me by the name of Megan. And so Megan said, Megan said if I do one then, it's going to be like $180. If I do one then or something. So yeah, that's our partner for the area. Oh, okay. So the question that I have, how big is that being there talk about? Because because if it's like a tall box, a big box maybe. They're referring to what you know. So they're talking about a tall a 96 gallon bin, a large rolling bin that you would go out to the curb for paper shred or for trash. Oh, you would be under that one bin. Oh, got you. Got you. Okay. Well, yeah, because I just I just can't fix a Megan and so I told her that that I would get get back to her because I wanted to check out this other place. But now since I know you guys work together, then then I would just stick with me. Okay. Yeah. So I would definitely reach out to them if you have any questions or information they can revise for you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.