 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? I was just wondering how the process works in terms of your services. You come to the houses and shred documents or if we got to come to the and bring stuff to you or how anything works. Yeah, so there's a few options that are offered based on your volume. How many file boxes or file drawers do you estimate you have? Oh gosh, I don't know if I can estimate there's just a lot of stuff. So it on bookshelves versus in boxes. But I'll probably set. Basically, it's up to you in like three file boxes worth of paper or less. You can look into dropping off. If it's more than that, then it would be a service where a truck comes to you. It seems like it's probably get away with coming to you. Okay, what's your zip code? 20148. All right. So those drop off locations are going to be UPS stores, mail centers, things like that that accept the smaller volume. If you're okay with that, I can text you a couple of locations nearby that you can get some information on. Sure. Yeah, no, that's fine. And like it is just one of these reuse paid for them right there. You pay for the services or? Yeah, they'll charge you by the pound, so it just depends on what they're charging. And it does. It is helpful to call around to a couple different UPS stores because they do step their own pricing, get a better rate. Okay. Yeah, one ahead and send you a couple options. What is your first name, sir? OWSIS. OWSIS. I'm not OWSIS. Sorry, the way it spoke to you. Got it. The last name is B-A-L-T-I. Thank you. I did text you some options. I went ahead and sent you another text as well. It's just going to ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Awesome. Yeah, so then I guess it would just be a matter of just taking all the stuff there. And then they said, let us know what they were charged for. Is that correct? Yes, correct. Yes, perfect. All right. Well, thank you. You have a great day. Perfect. Thank you. Bye.