 Thank you for calling Record Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, yes. I wanted to get a place for some document scanning. Sure. I can help you with that. What's the zip code of where your records are located? 06907. Okay. And roughly, how many file boxes or file drawers with the records are you looking at for? Yes. So I don't have an exact number, but it's approximately 10 boxes. About 10 file boxes. Okay. Are they the small 15-inch file boxes or the larger 2-foot ones? I think 15-inch because they're just really not too thick. Okay. Perfect. Alrighty. And what are the nature of these documents? Are they business, legal, medical records? Yes. Alrighty. And are these business records primarily single-sided? Are they double-sided and make sure it's both? That was a good question. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. If you don't know it, all that's okay. Yeah. They're kind of archives. Basically, we don't really use them at all right now. So I've never really had to go through them. Okay. That's all right. I just leave it as blank for now and then they can look into that as they start to scan. So let me gather a little information from you. And then I can have the scanners that do service the area. I'm going to get you some information on this. What's your first and last name? So my first name is Ariana, A-R-I-A-M-A. And then I mean, I don't know if I should just give you my name or record business. Now, I'll put my name for now. Oh, yeah. We'll change it for billing later. But yeah, what's the last name? Yeah. Penatio, P, and P, and P, and is in Nancy, A-C-H-I-L. All right. And then what is the name of the business that you're with? So it's actually a combination of two businesses. It's 1000 Hope Street LLC and 1,000 Four Hope Street LLC. Correct. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? 203-715-265. All right. And then if you have solicit business number, so I just like to tell everybody, of course, you can call me. For the inquiry that I made, but please don't add it to any other list. Of course. Yes, ma'am. We definitely don't sell your information. And then is there a good email address for you? It's my first initial A, my last initial P dot rental holdings and holdings of plural. At gmail.com. So first initial dot last initial A dot P is in Paul. And that was at, and what was the word you said before holdings rental rental. So it's a, yep, and it's AP dot not a dot P. Oh, okay. Okay. I see. AP dot. He got mental. Rental holdings at gmail. Okay. Holdings plural at gmail.com. All righty. Perfect. So and then once you receive pricing on this project, of course, it's approved and you decide to move forward with that. Is that something that you all are looking to scan as soon as possible once approved within a couple of weeks, within a month? And as soon as possible. Okay. Sounds great. So what I'm going to go ahead and do here is I'll get this information right over to the three scanners that do service the Stanford area. Each of them are going to contact you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will also just be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. So I'm going to click on the first page. I'm going to click on the first page. I'm going to click on the first page. I'm going to click on the first page. I'm going to click on the first page. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Sure. And I have a question. I don't know if that would be for you or for them. But they do pick up the boxes. Correct. I might want document shredding as well. Okay. So to scan and then try. We digitize it like. Yeah. I might. I want to price that both ways just to. Okay. Yeah. Sure. And I'm sorry. And you said that you were ready to scan, you know, as soon as it was approved, right? Yes. Yeah. Hopefully like next week, if you guys have a availability, it would be great. Okay. All right. Well, I will go ahead and get this right over to the three scanners for the area. They will contact you directly with info. And then I'll send you an email with some details. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much for your help. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye.