 Thank you for calling strict nations. This is actually how they help you. Hey Ashley, I have a friend moving and they have about 20 boxes of paper that are going to be shredded. What kind of cost is that? Yeah, so it's 20 boxes. The best option is going to be a service where a truck comes to the location for the shredding. What's your zip code? 98012. I think it's for, yeah. And is that a residence? It is. Okay, so we have for 52 years. Okay, yeah, well we can definitely help with the shredding portion of that move. So let me gather a little information from you and then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area, get you some pricing and information. What's your first and last name? Renee Blakely. All right, Renee is at our ENEE. Correct. And Blakely B-L-A-K-E-L-Y. Correct. All right, and what's the best phone number to reach you with information? Zero, correct. 948. Zero, one, eight, nine. Hey, Bob, did you know what this beepers about? There's a beeping going on. I don't know what it is. All right, I'm back with you. No problem. And is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? No, that's all. Okay, and a good email address for you. Renee. Blakely.gmail.com. All righty. So what I'm going to go ahead and do here is I'll get this right over to the two shredders that do service the Baffle area. Each of them are going to contact you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send an email as well with some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one click, one to five star review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay, so do you then hire out people to do or you actually are owned company? We work with a network of shredders. So there's two separate shredders that are going to be in contact with you directly with the pet. That makes sense. All right. And what was your name? My name is Ashley with shrednations. Thank you, Ashley. I appreciate your help. All right. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye.