 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yeah, I think I have a bunch of documents that come in south, I need that I need to have picked up and shredded. Okay, you said it's that I don't have any. I was wondering what your availability is next week and what your pricing structure is. Sure, what's your zip code? 19147. All right. 19147. How many file boxes or file doors are shredding you estimate you have? I would say it's probably like 8 feet wide, I 10 feet, even 65. Is like the rough guess might be a little bit smaller in that. Okay, I guess if we were to envision like small copy paper boxes, like a 10 by five. They're just file boxes. Okay, so are we talking about 25 boxes or 20? 20 at least. All right. So I'll say at least 20 plus boxes and this is at the residence you said there in Philly. Yes. All right, let me gather a little info from you and then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area. You just some pricing and information. What's your first and last name? Winds, Blackwell. I'm sorry, I missed the first name. When to you, I and I. Thank you, you, I and I thank you and what is the best phone number to reach you? 215 301 2812. All right. Is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? No. Okay, and a good email address. Q, I and N at Blackwell. Build B U I L C F dot dot. I'm going to have a quick email address. Queen at Blackwell B L A C K W E L L builds with an S dot com. All right. So there's two shredders that do service the area. I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. And that's what I'm going to have this time. We'll have some information for that. I'll be here. I've already. I've already contacted. I've called a couple of places already. I'm just trying to get a sense of what's the. services that I can get you in touch with. So I'll just send it to the one, okay? Yeah, that's good. Okay. Perfect. We'll have that one shredder in touch. You have a great day. Thanks, Liz. Bye-bye.