 Thank you for calling Shrednation. This is Ashley. How can they help you? I have, I'm going to turn you retired. I have about maybe 20 bankers box as full of files. I need to get shredded. Okay. And the location at 303 South Broadway is right near my where I am. Okay. Okay. For you to be a 20 file boxes, where is this ready? You have approximately, I mean, I'm just trying to figure out how to do all this. Yeah. So the 20 boxes, you know, fortunately that's too much to take to any drop off location that we list. Those drop offs are UPS store, mail center, things like that. I'm sorry. You got to talk slower and you got to talk louder. Okay. Sorry about that. Would you have more than a few file boxes, the better option is a truck service that comes to you to shreds. So what's your zip code and I can get you information on that. 80209. 80209. Okay. And is this at a business, residence, storage? Residence. Okay. So yeah, I can get you information on the truck service coming to you. That's going to be your best option with 20 boxes. So let me gather a little info here. What is your first and last thing? Fred, Hamill, H-A-M-E-L. And the best phone number to reach you? 303-329-981. Okay. Is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? No. Okay. And a good email. H-A-M-E-L-F-M at gmail.com. So that was last name with that S's and Sam M's and Mary? No. The Hamill H-A-M-E-L-F is in Fred M at gmail.com. All right. I'm going to have the shredder that services that area of Denver contact you back directly. Okay. All right. The alternative is, I'm the six block, 10 blocks away from the UPS location. So I could do, like, and I'm an old man. I could do, like, three boxes or something like that without any problem. And I'll do it, seriously. Okay. I'm in no raging hurry. It's just not a cost-effective option to go that route either. You can always call the UPS store that two offers drop-off. They can let you know what they charge per pound. But generally, one small file box is going to weigh about 30 pounds. So it adds up pretty quickly trying to pay by pound. Okay. Well, of course, I have no idea how much it is per pound or whatever. Right. So I'll get you a quote on the truck service, which is going to be your most cost-effective option. Feel free to call the drop-off UPS stores if you'd like. But in the meantime, I'll let the truck service call you with a quote. No. All right. And will they have the information like the stuff I have a basement office? So, do they come in the house and get the stuff? Or do I have to call it up there? Generally, you'd want that to be ground level and easy access. Okay. So, yeah. I'll have all the information on the price, the availability, kind of how to prepare for that. So we'll have them in touch with you as soon as they get a moment, okay? Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye.