 Thank you for calling record nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, good afternoon Ashley. I have a quick question. Do you guys do A1 size copies? We don't do any copying. We do large volume scanning. Scanning? Uh-huh. And do you scan the big construction files? We can do large format scanning. How many pages do you have? About... I will say 100. 100 large format pages are looking to scan or make copies of. Uh-make me... well scan if you can't provide copies. Okay, so you're looking to do scanning of 100 large format pages. What's the zip code of where this is located? 33160. 33160. Okay, let me see if that meets our minimum for that area. Um, so yeah, I do have some options when it comes to large format scanning there in North Miami Beach. Let me gather some information from you and then I can have the shredder in touch with you as soon as they get a moment. Or I'm sorry, the, um, yeah, the, the shredder, or I'm sorry, the document scanner for the, the, the pages. So what is your first and last name? It's Madeleine M-A-Y-D-E-L-I-N-E, Navarro, N-A-B-A-R-R-O. Now with M-A-Y-D-E-L-I-N-E. Yes. All right, and then what is the name of the business that you're with? 4000 Williams, oh 4000 Island Boulevard Condominium Association. And there's a condominium association? Yes. All right, and then what is the best phone number to reach you with information? It'll be 305-937-2452. All right, is there a second? I think it's an email. Um, I can request that you prefer email. Um, what's a good email address? It'll be Adamin, A-D-M-I-N. At 4000, the number 4000. Williams Island dot com. That's Adamin at 4000 Williams with an S Island dot com. Yes. All right, so I have two scanners that do service the area. I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It'll have some info on who that is that, um, that I'm going to get you in touch with. In that email, there'll also be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick, one-click review. If you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay, um, also, I close in a couple of minutes. Can they give me a call back tomorrow? Yes, I'll have them give you a call back and I'll see email as best. Thank you. Bye-bye.