 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, do you do like paper shredding for residential people like myself? Yeah, we do. There's a few different options offered based on your volume. How many boxes or bags are shredding? Do you estimate you have? Five. OK. Rash fans. All right. And are these black, flannel leaf bags, kitchen size bags, grocery bags? No, no, they're just kitchen. 13 gallon kitchen bags. OK. Yeah, so with that amount, as long as you don't need to witness the shredding drop-off is a great option for you. What's your zip code, and I can see what's nearby? It's 6-3146. 6-3146. 6-3146. And is it the cell phone that you're on? Yes. Perfect. So I'm going to text you a couple of locations that offer the drop-off services. If you want to reach out to them directly, they'll let you know what they charge and if there's room in there been. And what is your first thing, ma'am? It's Andra, ANDRA. Thank you, Andra. Well, I did text you a couple of options over. I will send you another text. It's just going to be asking how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click, one-to-five-star review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Yeah, so the UPS store on Dorset, they'll just take the bags, right? And they put them in the bag. Yeah, they don't shred on site there. They'll usually have it like a lock secure bin and then put it in there and have it shredded at a later date. Right. But did they have to, like, OK, I'm going to tell you what happened. I went across the street. There's like a FedEx place over there that does shredding right across the street for me. OK. And I had all these bags and stuff. And he had to open up and put every single piece through a little, it's a bit, she dropped whole. I'm like, are you kidding me? I was there for like almost an hour. Oh, I don't see that over there, right? They're just going to take the other. I don't know. So each UPS store is privately owned. They can do things a little different. So it can be worth calling around to kind of see if it offers what I could do. Yeah, that was painful the last time. Yeah. So how much do they charge? It just goes to them whatever. They also set their own pricing per pound. So it can also be worth calling around for those pricing per pound. Yeah. All right. All right. Thank you so much. Thanks. Have a good day. Bye-bye.