 Thanks for calling the quiz pros. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hello, hi, Ashley. I'm calling because I'm a permanent makeup artist, and I need a partner for just posing my chart for the noodles. Okay. What is your zip code? 302-14. 302-14. Okay. That's like fair real. Okay. So let me gather a little information from you, and then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area. I'll give you some information on this. What is your first and last name? Linda. Last name on the spill. This is not, you're not going to load on saying it. Is C like Charlie, E like Echo, T like Tom, O like Oscar, you like uniform, T like Tom, E like Echo? All right. And what's the name of the business that you're with? Because I'm just the business owner's mind. So it's Lines by Linda. All right. Lines by Linda. And is this an ongoing service that you're needing? Obviously. Do you know how often? Pretty often. But how long is it? Like, can I do like three months? Or can I do like, I don't know? Yeah, if you're only can for maybe every three months, we can definitely look into something quarterly like that. What would be the best phone number to reach you with some information? Three to one area code. Five, one, two, six, four, one, three. All right. Is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? Hmm, you can use my boyfriend. Hold on. I don't know his number. No problem. Two, two, three, two, seven, seven, seven, zero. Eight, nine, nine, seven, seven, five, zero. Oh, I couldn't quite hear everything you said. Can you repeat it one more time? Seven, seven, zero. Eight, nine, nine, seven, seven, five, zero. All right. Thank you. And a good email address for you. My first name underscore my last name at Yahoo. I've got Linda underscore your last name, C-E-T-As-N-T-O-U-T-As-N-T-E at Yahoo.com. Yeah. Did you say B? Like, it's the first letter of my last name is C like Charlie. Yes, I have C as in Charlie E T-As-N-T-A-M-O-U-T-As-N-T-E and yes, he has in Charlie for the beginning. All righty. So what I'm going to go ahead and do here, I'll get this right over to the shredder that does service the Louisville area. They will contact you as soon as they get a moment with some information. And then I will send you an email as well with some info on who that is that's going to be in touch with you. In that email, there will be a small section that does ask how my customer service was. And it's just a quick one to click start review if you get a moment for that. Hold on. So a couple questions before we get off the phone. So I'm in Fayetteville, Georgia. So this is Georgia, right? I'm trying to make sure the location is right. I'm sorry. I have 420214. No. It's 302. That's why when you said it was the last call. Oh, yeah, you're okay. That's sorry. Thank you. Yes. So I did other runs in the process 30214 Fayetteville. Yes, Georgia. Wonderful. I'll take this. All right. So that's there. And then the second question that I have is. So will you guys, like you guys provide contracts once I'd like agree to whatever you can do in the process? Does that need that? Yes. You would receive a certificate of destruction. Is that like a contract? Oh, no. No, I'm sorry. You would receive certificate of destruction. And it is HIPAA compliant destruction. So yes, you would be receiving the correct information you would need at your destroying them properly. Okay. Is it like how does it work like every month? Can you hear me? You're breaking out pretty bad. Yeah, I'm saying I had a question about like how is paper that is it like every month or every year like what? So this letter will let you know. I don't do any of the payment here. I'm just at our corporate office for the shredding. So this they will contact you back directly to answer all those questions. Okay. Okay. All right. We'll have them in touch. You have a great day. All right. Bye.