 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, hi. My name is John Griffith. I want to get some paper shredders. This will be my first time I had a professional service. Okay. Can I bring it to you? And are you at the Spurlington location? That location you're looking at is most likely a drop-off location. It's for smaller amounts of shredding. How many boxes are bags of shredding do you estimate you have in total? I haven't particularly boxed them up yet, but I'll bet you I have four to five boxes. Record size boxes. Like copy paper boxes. Yeah. Okay. So maybe four to five of those. Yeah. Okay. And so at that amount, one of the best options is going to be a service where a truck can come to you for the shredding. What is your zip code? And I can look into some options on that. One of the things that has to be a fairly small, if you're coming out to my house, it's you need a fairly small truck because it's difficult to turn around. My address is 23993 Martyn Road, M-A-R-T-I-N. And that's a Cedral Woy. Wash, right? And what's the zip code there? I'm sorry. I missed that. 98284. 98284. Okay. And this is a residence? Yes. All right. So it looks like in that area, there is a service where the truck can come directly to the residence. It would shred right there, curbside while you watch for anything less than 300 pounds worth of shredding or anything up to about nine file boxes is $195 for that service. Oh, okay. Again, I wonder how big your truck is, especially if it's kind of garbage truck, make it down your way? No. Okay. So a lot of the times they'll have options where you can either meet them down the street or they'll have a smaller truck come up or do an off-site option, something like that. If you are interested, I can have the Cedral or contact you back. They'll have a better idea of your area and then they can get you some options. Well, okay. I think that what I'm going to drop around is see if I can't find a place. Sure. I can drop it off at the location. Okay. I'm going to be sharing your help. You're welcome. If you change into mine, my name is Ashley. I'm happy to help. Okay. Thank you, actually. Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye-bye.