 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, Ashley. I, I previously was a realtor for about 18 years. And of course, I have lots and lots of, a lot of tasks, real estate transactions. Plus over the years, I've got taxes, you know, boxed up from doing the, having the taxes done and then the paperwork from the taxes. And my kids are after me for clearing out the basement. I mean, the basement is a mess. And they're coming this weekend to get it started, clearing it out. And they asked me to find out how the Shredder companies work. And you guys come up a lot, Shred, what is this? Shred Nation. And I'm calling you to find out how this, how this works. How this works. Yes. So there's a couple different options that are offered based on your volume. Do you know how many file boxes or file drawers of shredding that you would have in total? The last, the last time I counted, they're on a shelf. My husband had a shelf built back here years ago. The last time I counted, they were like 14 boxes, 14, 15 boxes. Okay. Paper ring, paper ring size. And then some are smaller of other sizes that the tax boxes we put in that are on the shelf. That's about how many I have right that I can think of. So I don't know how many that would be. Yeah. So 14 to 15 boxes. And then I guess if whatever else was in file boxes, how many more file boxes do you think you could fill just roughly? These I've never saw them. How many more? Because I'm in a, I'm kind of in a, I don't go down and based in that much because I can't walk really well. I'm going to take, I'm going to go down and take a look. I hope to do that this afternoon and take a look, a better look. So I can come up with, I could have come up with a better number when I go down. This time, so I can see. But right now I, I know I see 14, 15 for sure on the wall. And maybe, maybe 10 more boxes that I can think of on the floor. So at least like 20 to 25 boxes, maybe somewhere in there. Maybe, maybe about that. Okay. So yeah, let me gather a little information from you. And then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area. Which is some pricing and information. What is it code? 53224. All right. And this is located at a residence. It is a residence. That's correct. Okay. Perfect. Yeah, let me change. So do you come out? Do your truck come to the house? Yeah, with that amount, it would be a service where the truck can come to your residence. We can get you options on secure on site, running as well as an offsite pickup. So we'll get you quotes on both of those. So let me gather a little info from you. And then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area. Which is some pricing and information. What's your first and last name? My name is Patricia A. Harjick. Camp Harjick. And how do I tell your last name? H-A-R-D-R-I-C-K. All right. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? 414-750-0132. All right. Is there a secondary phone number you'd like us to have? Yes, that number sign. I'm usually the one that answers. Okay. And then a good email address. My email address is p-h-a-r-d-444 at a-o-l.com. And that's p-like-peter. Like my first name. Pat Harjick. 44 at a-o-l.com. Uh-huh. Perfect. So, um, yeah. So for that on an offsite shredding, there's two shredders that do service Milwaukee. I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there'll also be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. So you're going to send me an email for a service number one of a survey. And that's going to come to say how you did. Then you're going to send me an email that's going to give me information on on an offsite service. Well, no, I'm going to send you one email. The email is just going to have information on who the two shredding companies are that are going to be in touch with you with their quotes. And then in that same email, there's just a small section that asks how my customer service was today. So if you get a moment for that, that's where you'll find that. But it will just be one email from me. And then I'll have these shredders in touch with you. They're going to contact me. Correct. Okay. All right. So we'll have them in touch as soon as they get a moment. And they'll give me the quote, their information. Correct. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. You have a wonderful day. You as well. Thank you. Bye-bye.