 Thank you for calling Shred Nation. This is Ashley. How can I help you? No, I actually, this is Polly. I'm returning a call about my inquiry about doing some shredding. I am finishing up with more business. And would my phone number help you find me or what's next? What's your zip code? 98102. But I would say 98102. I live in a little tiny street, so I prefer a drop off location if that's possible. Okay. It depends on your volume. How many file boxes or files were shredding you? I've got a good eight. Say eight for sure, maybe 12 if I get optimistic on banker's box size shred. Okay, eight to 12 boxes. Yeah. Here. All right. Yeah, so there are some options for the truck service that would come to you. And when you're referring to the banker boxes, are these the small 15 inch banker boxes? Or the larger two-cell banker boxes? No, they're not the long. It's the long guy. So the regular ones. But I'd like to say, this is really not a place you can send a shred truck. I live in a nice place, but it's really hard access. Okay. Unfortunately, I don't list a drop off that can handle that amount. The only options I would have would be a truck coming to you. Sometimes they have other options with smaller trucks that they can, you know, then have the truck sitting out in an area nearby. You know that they can shuffle that too. So I'd be happy to have the shredder contact you with a quote if you'd like. Sure. I'd like to do that, but it would have to be a small truck and we could just hand truck down to the down to a parking or like there's a turn around area. I think it's probably if it's a van size shredder, we could do it. But if you would mind putting that in the request, sure. Well, I might just have to be something that's done off site. At that point, we'll take up to get back to the facility and shred off site. Oh, perfect. That's great. Just load it in the middle. Let me gather a little info from you. And then I'll have the shredder kind of get you some options. What is your first and last name? My first name is Polly P-O-L-L-Y. And my last name is Titor T-E-E-T-E-R. Thank you. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? 206. 999. 150. All right. Is there a... Nope. I think you might have already reached out to us here. So it looks like we did get your information over to our sales department. So as soon as we have some information on a truck service for you, we will let you know. Okay. But I don't know if it doesn't show any options as of now. Okay. Sounds good. Thanks for keeping me in the... Oh. And hope there's something that pops up then. Yeah. And actually one more thing. Can I get your email address, just in case? Sure. Info-I-M-F-O-At-D-E-L-T-E-E-T-D-D-E-T. Perfect. Okay. And you know, so I think I may have an option for you actually that will see your service at Seattle area. If you don't mind holding, I'm going to try to transfer you to them. Sure. And they'll get you some pricing and some information. Sure. And I will... Perfect. Okay. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some information on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. Okay. In that email, there will be a small section that also asks how my customer service was today. Okay. It's a quick one-click, one-to-five-star review. So if you get a moment for that, that'd be appreciated. Okay. And then I do have a different email on this request. I have Polly Tederri at gmail.com. Oh, yeah. Better use that one. Yeah. Use my Gmail. Okay. It's easier for them to have it pop up. Thank you. I did enter that. Okay. Thanks for the reminder. Perfect. Yeah. You're welcome to hold on to some moment. I will allow you to transfer you to the Shredder District at NUSMIMPO. Thanks. Thanks. You have reached confidential data disposal for general questions or to speak to James, dial 101. For sales or scheduling, dial 102 for Joshua or dial 103 for Haley for accounting questions. You can also go to our website, cddshred.com and schedule on there. Thank you. Have a good day. You have reached confidential data disposal. For general questions or to speak to James, dial 101. For sales or schedule, dial 103 for Haley for accounting questions. You have reached a James confidential data disposal voicemail. Please leave your name, your number, and the company you call. Thanks for holding. It does look as if the Shredder is on the other line with another customer. So I'm going to get this information right over to them and as soon as they get a moment, they'll contact you back. Okay. Like a plant. Thank you. Actually, did a great job and let's see where this goes. Okay. Thank you so much. Have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye.