 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi Ashley. I was wondering if you have capacity for paper shredding. If I brought some in. We do with some drop-off locations. So if it's a small amount of shredding and you don't need to witness the shredding, drop-off is a great option for you. How many... Got it. Yeah. So do you have a small amount of shredding or...? I probably have like eight to ten trash bags of shredding. So I don't know what that means for you. That's a lot or not. Kitchen bags, grocery bags. They're like garbage bags, like ten pound, ten gallon... Okay. ...rushy bags. And what's your trash bag? The zip here is 90025. Okay. So with that amount, one of the best options would be a service where a truck comes to you to shred. Is this located at a residence, business, storage? You know what? I actually... I'm just looking for a location to be able to drop off in. It's in my vehicle. Okay. If you are looking for drop-off, I do know of like some UPS stores, mail centers, things like that that offer drop-off. I just don't know if they can handle the volume that you have. Usually they handle smaller amounts. But I can text you a few locations if you'd like. Sure. Sure. Okay. So I just sent you some options over. If you want to reach out to them directly, they can get you details. It may end up being more cross-effective for a truck just to come to you even. But I did text you some options. And what is your first name? My name is James. James, perfect. Why did you go ahead and get that information sent to you? I will send you one other text, James. It's just going to ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. Just to get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Sure. One quick question. Do you, is the rate for shredding the difference for the UPS locations or are they all the same? They're different. So if it does make sense to call around and double check on pricing per pound. Sounds good. Appreciate it. Thank you. Bye-bye.