 Thank you for calling Shred Nation. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, Ashley. My name is Brittany and I am opening a body art facility in Clinton, Michigan, the village Clinton, Michigan. And I am trying to find a company to properly dispose of needles and sharp. Have I contacted? Yeah. I think so. Yes, I can get you some information on that. We handle some medical waste options as well. That says zip code of where the business is. 49236. 49236? Correct. Perfect. Okay. And then the shredding, this is where business has an ongoing service? Yes. Okay. You said shredding, this is for medical. Let me close it over. Medical sharp, I apologize. Okay. So for the sharp disposal, how often would you need that service? Oh gosh, probably either weekly or every other week. Okay. So we'll look into those options for you. So let me gather a little information from you and then I'm going to have the medical waste provider for the area get in touch with you directly with some information. What's your first and last name? Brittany, B-R-I-T-T-A-N-Y. And last name is Baird, B-A-I-R-D. All right. And what is the name of the business you're with? Uh, yep, it's BBs ink. So that's just B, Bravo, another B, Bravo, a Pastor-Free-S ink. Got it. And what's the best phone number to reach you with some information? 517-442-8042. All right. All right. Is there a secondary number that you'd like us to have? Nope, that's it. Alrighty. And a good email. Brittany, B-R-I-T-T-A-N-Y. Stressel, S-T-R-E-S-S-E-L. So it's like the word stress and then E-L at the end of it. Okay. At gmail.com. Perfect. All right. So what I'm going to do here, Brittany, I work with four medical waste providers that do service the Clinton area. So I'm going to have to each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. Okay. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will be a small section as well that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. If you get a moment for that, that'd be appreciated. But yeah, we'll have each of these companies in touch to get you some info. Thank you so much. Thank you. Have a good day. You too. Bye.