 Thank you for calling record nations. Is Ashley? How can I help you? Yeah, Ashley, my name is Joe Molson. I'm calling from the field of New York. I'm not sure where this location is, but you have a location that's listening to New York, which is close to me. Okay. Yeah. So there's a couple options that are offered. Are you looking for document scanning or shredding? Yeah. Yes, scanning would be, I guess, scanning and then shredding. Okay. What says I put over your records I located? 1-2-0-5, I think. That was 1-3-2-0-5, in Syracuse? No. 1-2-2-0-5. Oh, sorry. 1-2-2-0-5. Okay. And, and Albany there. How many file boxes or file drawers of records do you have to meet you have in total? Oh, I'm sorry. What was that? 100. 100 for boxes. 100s? Okay. What's our best estimate? We're talking about 2-2. 100. Yeah. I'll be talking about 2-300, 4-500, 6-7. What's your best estimate? I'm going to say 3-400. Okay. And are these the small 15-inch copy paper boxes or the larger 2-foot banker boxes? No. They're banker boxes. They're regular size. So, they're regular size. They're regular size. They're regular size. Yeah. That's shorter one. For the most part, yeah. Okay. All right. You said anywhere from 3-400 boxes. What are the nature of these documents? Are they business, legal, medical records? Are they educational records? Okay. And these educational records. Are they primarily single-sided? Are they double-sided? Make sure of both. Could be a mixture of both. Okay. But I would say primarily single-sided. Okay. So, you just said documents in those files that we have to say, you know, transcripts and, you know, financial aid documents, I kind of think. So, even though the file may be an inch thick, there's probably only four or five documents in there we need to copy. And what we would do is we would go through. Perge everything so that you have exactly what needs to be copied. Okay. And you're thinking what needs to be copied would be 3-400 boxes worth of. So, you know, I'm guessing there. I really, if we have it in storage here, it's been in storage for 25, 30 years. We have records. So, I think that's the best. Yeah, your best estimate for right now is just fine. So, just wanted to make sure that you're saying after it would be then, talking three to four hundred boxes. And then what's a rough percentage of what would be single to double? I know you said primarily single-sided. Are we talking like 80, 20 or what's your best estimate? 90, 10. 60, 40. 60, 40 maybe. 40, okay. 70, 30. Yeah. 30, okay, perfect. All righty. So, let me, and then once you receive pricing on this project, of course it's approved. You go through that approval process, which of course can be lengthy. Once it is approved, is that something that you would want to scan as soon as possible once approval within a couple of weeks? Yeah, we want to, yeah, we're being charged quite a bit for storage of documents that we really need to digitize anyway. So, we'd like to kind of avoid that cost just a month before us. Okay. So, you'd be ready right away once approved. All right. Yeah. I think we would, you know, with a week or two leading, we could have boxes ready to go. Okay. Now, would that be, would that be staying in, you know, upstate New Yorker, would you be shipping them some boys out? You know, I'm at our corporate office here. So, what I'm going to do is have the scanners that do service the area, contact you directly with some information. They'll let you know what that requires to kind of get those boxes in their hands. Let me get out of here. Yeah. We need to store those documents in our system. Right. Okay. So, you're like going to have to get into the system. There's not any system but it's in our, so in whatever digitization it is, whether it's cloud or, you know, home drive or whatever, care bites, whatever that is. Sure. Okay. Okay. Well, I will have them touch base with you on all that. Let me gather your contact info and then they'll contact you directly. What's your first and last name? If you go, let's me the multi-MOL-CZ-EM. Thank you. And what is the name of the school or the business you're with? It's the Empire Education Corporation. All right. That was Empire Education Corporation. Right. All right. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? 518-858-5177. All right. Is there a secondary number that you'd like us to have? No, it's myself. So that's, you know, really the goal to do. Perfect. And a good email for you. It's J-M-O-L-T-Z-E-N-711-A-G-M-L. So I have J-As in John, last name M-O-L-T-As in Tom, Z-As in Zibra, E-N-As in Nancy, 711 at gmail.com. Right. All right. So what I'll do here, I have three scanners that do service the Albany area so I can actually have each of them and touch directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will also just be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one click, one to five star review. If you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay. All right. Thanks, Joe. We'll have them in touch. Yes. Thank you. Thank you.