 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, I'm trying to get an idea of a quote to get. I'm assuming you do mobile self, you do mobile shredding. That's correct. Depending on your area, what's your zip code? It would be a 33410. All right. And how many boxes or bags of shredding do you have? I don't know. It's for a client, he's got quite a bit in a storage unit. So we're trying to figure out how it works and how it's the cost is, et cetera, for him. Yes. So it's more than just a small amount of shredding. So it's more than a few file boxes. The best option is a truck that would come to the location for the shredding. That's what we're looking for. Okay. So yeah, I would need some sort of estimate of volume and then I would have the shredder be able to work up a quote off of that. Okay. Do you charge by the hour? Do you charge by, I am just trying to figure it all out? It's by the volume. So it'll be a bit of a file box, it's file drawers, trash bags, whatever the stuff is in. You would just give us an idea. Okay. And if it's Monday to Friday, you will also do Saturday or how does it work? It all just varies. Usually it is a Monday through Friday thing, but it can vary as well. So do you work on Saturdays or no? A lot of the truckers scheduled up for shred events and stuff on Saturdays, so that's why I can vary. Okay. All right. I guess I'm going to have to get some idea. My guess is it's probably 30 boxes full and two storage file cabinets. Okay. So everything where in file boxes, maybe 30 or 40 boxes or so if everything were in file boxes. That would be my guess. Yes. Okay. So I have a little info from you and then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area, get you some pricing and information. What's your personal asking? It's Roberta Andrews. All right. Roberta and what is the best phone over to reach you with information? 561, 632, 2121. All right. Is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? No, that's fine. All righty and a good email address for you. R is in red. F is in Frank. A is an apple. 56 at aol.com. Perfect. And I'm sorry, you said the best phone number that you're on is a good number for you. Is there a secondary one? No. And I'm sorry. What was the business name? It's clear the clutter. Clear the clutter. Okay. Perfect. So 30 to 40 boxes. So I have two shredders that do service Palm Beach Gardens. Each of them are going to contact you with pricing and information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on what's going to be in touch with you. In that email, there'll also be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one click review. So if you get a moment for that, that would be appreciated. Okay. Terrific. Thank you. Yes, thank you. You have a great day. You too. Bye-bye.