 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hey, Ashley, this is Melvin McFatter. I am a retired attorney been retired for quite some time. And I'm looking to shred my old files from a law practice. Okay. And I was wanting to get an idea about pricing. I'm located in Port Gibson, Mississippi. Oh, the files are upstairs. It's a second full with no, no elevator. I was wondering what it would cost to get, get them picked up. It's redding as opposed to bringing them somewhere. Yeah, what, what's your zip code? It's where the files are. It's 3915 zero. 3915 zero. Yes, ma'am. All right. And it roughly how many file boxes are up there? Well, I don't have it into barchers yet. There's probably close to a half dozen four drawer file cabinets. Okay. So maybe six four drawer and our D's that square vertical drawers or the wide lateral drawers. These are the just regular file cabinets. You, you know, you pull them out. Yeah, the, yeah, the, it's just a row of legal size files when you pull a drawer out. Okay. But so it's not the wide extra rectangular drawers. Okay. Yeah. All right. Perfect. So let me gather a little information from you. And then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area, contact you directly with an information. What's your first and last thing? First thing is meld and in the LVIN. Last name? Mac Fatter MC FATTR. And what is the name of the business that you're with? Well, it was just meld and Mac Fatter attorney at law, but I've been retired for quite some time. So really no business. So the closed business. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What's the best phone number to reach you? It's 601 940 08. 1 1 and I'm going to, I need to put y'all in my contacts because I've got it set where anybody not in my contacts will it'll go straight to voicemail. So. Okay. I'm going to put, I'm going to put the shred nations in my contact list. Okay. It's both likely it's going to be our shredding partner that's going to be in touch with you. But I'll send you an email with their information on that. Yeah. Do that please because if he calls me, it's going to go. You could tell them that if you talk to him, you can tell him it's going to go straight to voicemail, but I will respond to it. Okay. And did you need to witness the shredding on site or are you okay with a secure offsite pickup as well? All right. So that again, oh, for shredding on site. No, I don't, I don't need to witness it shredding. It can be picked up and shredded outside. Perfect. All right. So there's two shredders that do service the poor Gibson area. So I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some information on who those two shredders are that are going to be in touch with you. In that email, you'll have the direct phone numbers if you need to refer to that. But there'll also be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay. All right. Well, we'll have them in touch with you. Have a great day. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.