 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? I'm just trying to give an idea of cost for mobile shredding. Yeah, what's your zip code? Or your postal code there? K7C4V3. For Victor 3. Yeah, all right. And how many boxes or bags of shredding do you have? Well, it depends how big the box is. We're referring to small copy paper boxes or file boxes. Okay, so I probably have... I'm guessing here I haven't put them together yet. Four or five boxes. Okay. So with that amount, if you don't need to witness the shredding, you can look into a drop-off service, which are going to be some UPS stores, mail centers, things like that. I can text you a couple of locations nearby if this is a cell phone that you're on. This is... Sorry. This is a cell phone that you're on that I can text? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I'll send you a couple UPS stores. If you call them directly, they're going to be the ones to let you know what they charge and if there's room in there been. Okay. Okay, but what about a mobile? You're looking for mobile services? Okay. Yeah, unfortunately it's not showing that there is a truck service in the area. We're only listing the drop-off location. Okay. And now talk to me about the electronic stuff. So the electronics... Yeah. It depends on your area. So let me check for electronics in that area because that is a different location in the UPS store drop-off. Let's see. Yeah, it's not showing that I do have an electronics provider in the area, unfortunately. I can get your infotomac... Where'd I go to... I can drive to Canada if I have to. There are only drop-off locations for paper there. It's not showing that there are any electronic partners that I have. Okay. I was just reading on your site. Yeah, we're nationwide. And some areas we have some partners and unfortunately some we don't and I'm not seeing anything in your area. What about an Ottawa? Do you have a different postal code you want to provide? K1G1X7. Sorry, K1G. Yeah, it's in George. One X, like zero, I'm not zero. X7. Like X-ray. Yeah. And seven you said, okay. Sorry, give me a moment. My computer's taking a while here. Yeah, I'm not seeing anything in that area too, unfortunately. Yeah, so I'm sorry that I don't have an option for electronics there. What did you key in? So there was an Ottawa postal code that you provided and that was you said K1G1X7. Yeah, and you're telling me, nowhere in Ottawa do you have an electronic drop-off? Not my company personally, unfortunately. We work with a network of partners and I'm not showing I have a partner there. Oh, oh, oh, oh, that's called somebody else. Okay, thank you very much.