 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi. We're here going through some old storage and we have a bunch of old files and documents that are personal of nature and wanted to just get them shredded and wanted to see what that would entail like where you located what could we, or any way we could bring them over today. Or just how that how it works basically with you guys. Sure. What's the zip code where the shredding is located? What's the zip code, Jen? What's the zip code? Put it here. You can see it's looking out. Yeah. I'll take the coffee. Wow! Okay, there done. Yeah. So another way to look into options, if it's a small amount of shredding like three boxes or less and you don't need to witness the shredding, you can look into dropping off. And those are going to be like UPS stores, mail centers, things like that. So you can look into that if you'd like. So let me just let me, hang on a second, it'll be just a second. Hold on. It's 80918. 80918 is the code. Okay, and how many boxes or bags of shredding do you guys have? How many, how much do you think altogether, Jen? It's probably like in town. Just boxes or bags. Three or four probably. Three or four like small bags, did you say? Not, I mean, what do you consider a big, you're still like a grocery bag or a kitchen size bag or a black line on the least bag? Yeah, hang on. Yeah, it's there, they're like in toe boxes. So three or four toast. Yeah. Okay, so with anything more than 90 pounds, which it sounds like you all might have with, you know, with three or four toads, the best option is going to be looking into a truck service that would come to you. So in that area, a truck can come to the location. It would shred right there on site while you watch. And for anything up to about 300 pounds, which is about nine to 10 small file boxes worth of shredding, it's $100 for that service. And can they come today? It's not a same day service. If you something schedule an advance by appointment. So if you are interested, I can gather some info and have the scheduler contact you back with availability. And if we wanted to bring it somewhere. The only drop offs that I know of are going to be like, you PS stores, mail centers, things like that that offer small amounts of drop offs. So unfortunately, they would maybe handle it. And there's something at a time and it just, it adds up pretty quickly that way. Yeah, but that, I think that that's probably cost more a lot more over time. Yeah, you would end up paying more over time with that. Okay, so. So we can't. All right. I think we'll have to talk and call back. Yeah, you can give us a call back. Yeah, so let us let us think maybe we should. So what if they can do it tomorrow morning? Well, I mean, that's possible, but. When we have to do that, we, that's what we'll do. I think about whether or not we can. Okay, yeah, give us a call back if you'd like to schedule a truck. Thank you. Bye bye.