 Thank you for calling Shred Nation. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yeah. Where are you located? It says Bovette, but I don't know. Is that in San Mateo or where is it? So there's a few options that are going to be offered based on your volume. How many boxes or bags of shredding do you estimate that you have in total? I'd probably have two long, which is probably two bankers boxes, long, full, and another banker box. So probably like five or six banker boxes. OK. So a five or six box is one of the best options is going to be a service where a truck comes to you. To Shred, what's your zip code? 94018. But I'm in San Mateo right now. So you know what I would have a drop-off location that can handle that amount. The best option that I would have a drop-off location. Do you do or you do not? I do not have a drop-off location that would handle that. The drop-off UPS source can handle maybe two or three boxes or less. Anything more than that, it's going to be a truck service that would come to you. Well, what if I went to a couple of them? Where's the UPS in San Mateo? I mean, it just wouldn't be very cost effective. But I mean, you can definitely, if that's your only option, because you need to get rid of them now. I can try to get you some options. Is this a cell phone that you're on? Yeah. So I'm going to text you a couple UPS stores that you can call directly. You're going to want to ask if there's room in there bin, what they charge per pound, all of that, and then get you details. What is your first name? So if you, Kathy, with them. But if you come to me, I've been half of a bay usually. So that's probably unrealistic, right? So you gave me a 94018 zip code, correct? Correct. That's so good, August. Here comes the bay. So yeah, I can choose. So there are truck services at service at area. OK, how much is it per pound? So the truck can come directly to you, shred on site. While you watch, it's not done by pound with the truck service, but by volume. So it looks like in that area, for anything less than $9 or $10, the total is $195 to shred per side. OK, and then if I split it up and take it to UPS stores like do 3, 1 week and 3 the next, what is that run? Is that by volume or by pound? Drop off is going to charge by the pound. So you'll have to speak with them directly to see what they charge by pound. Uh-huh. OK. And so what will UPS stores do it? I just detected you a couple locations that you offer it. If you want to try to call them directly. OK, great. Thank you so much. Yeah, thank you. You have a good day. OK, thanks, Frank.