 Thank you for calling Shred Nation. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, Ashley. I will call in the Pee-Humour. It costs for us to bring some paper and it's going to be shorted. Yeah, so the drop off shredding is going to charge by the pound. How many boxes or bags do you estimate that you have in total? Oh, I'm not sure. I'm going to try to do a meal with powerful books for you. Maybe four boxes, you said? I'm not sure. Maybe two. I don't know. I forgot. So if it's three boxes or less, you can always look into a drop off location. If it's anything more, then a few boxes and it's going to be a service where a truck comes to you to shred. If you are looking to drop off, those are the UPS stores and mail centers that offer that. Can we add in that then? And then there are no harm or calls when we take them in? I can transfer you there if you'd like. Okay, that's fine. But if I want to drop some, are you off the Humble? Oh, no, you can't come to me. It's either drop off at the UPS store or the truck comes to you. Oh, okay. If they come to, oh, Humble will call me. If the truck comes to you, what's your zip code? 913-5-5. Okay. And this is at a residence. Give a pop-me. Okay. So it looks like in that area a truck can come to the location for $175 that shreds up to 300 pounds worth of shredding. Oh, I don't know how I will weigh it. Anything less than 300 pounds is that cost. So you would most likely have less than 300 pounds. You would have to have 9 file boxes to be close to that. Oh, no. I'm going to get more. I'm trying to see if I can let all people in my apartment complex know a job that is telling me how much to give me. Oh, but then I go over by as everybody else. If it goes over, they'll just get you a revised quote. But yeah, so that's just the starting quote for you. Okay, God, I can see. I was happy. You know what I might ask other people to see and then I could call back. I see how many of you charge. I think when you're going to go over, you could always tell us back. Yes. You're busy, Dan. That's your dinner. Okay. What your name again? My name is Ashley with shred nations. Okay. Thank you, Ashley. Thank you. Bye.