 Thank you for all the stress and stress that you have to help you. I'm wondering how your service works. I'm a homeowner and I've got, I probably got four book boxes worth of old documents that need to be shredded. But is it based on weight or how does it actually work? Yes, so there's a couple options that are offered based on your volume. How many file boxes or file doors do you have to meet you having total? When I say book boxes, yeah, I would say four, but it might be closer to five. Okay, so yeah, with that amount, one of the best options would be a service where a truck comes to you for the shredding. What's your zip code and I can look into some options? Well, my zip code is 24501 and I'm in Lynchburg, Virginia. It says that you guys have a place here. I don't know if you do. Well, we lift the drop off location, which is a UPS store. They accept about three small boxes or less. If it's anything more than that, the better option is a truck that comes to you. So it looks like there is an option where a truck can come to you, to your location and it would shred on site while you watch. Anything up to 300 pounds or about nine file boxes is $195 for that service. Okay. Okay. Because I'm sitting here shredding myself and it's just pain-taking. She talks about five file boxes equivalent to about 150 pounds worth of shredding. Unfortunately, those drop-offs can handle about 90 pounds or less and you would pay by the pound to take small amounts there. Yeah. So yeah, I mean, it can be worth having a truck service come to you just depending on what you want to spend on that. Yeah, call us back if you decide you would like the truck. Okay. Let's say I'm dropping it off a box at a time at a UPS store. What is that? Well, you have to see what they charge for pound. You'll have to call those UPS stores directly. You know, if they're charging a dollar a pound, that might be a better route to go over time. But I've been, you know, it can be usually higher than that. But yeah, if you call those locations, they should be able to answer how much they're charging. Okay. I appreciate your help. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.