 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi. I had a question about a document shredding. Yeah. There's a few options that are offered based on your volume. How many file boxes or file drawers of shredding do you estimate you have in total? It's quite a lot. I have a 13-foot table that's full. Okay. If you were to envision everything in small file boxes, like a 10 by 12 by 15-inch file box, like a big question. How many of those do you estimate you have? 30 to 40. Okay. Perfect. And what is the zip code of where that's located? 6.84. All right. So yeah, with that amount, the best option is a service where the truck would come to you for the shredding. Let me gather a little info from you. Yeah. Let me gather some information from you. And then I'll have the shredder that does service the Stilman Valley area. I'll get you some pricing and information. What's your first and last name? Do you want mine or do you want it for the business? I'll take your contact name so you can receive the quote and I'll take the business information as well. Okay. It's Deb Moss, M-A-S-2-A's one-S. Thank you, Deb. And the name of the business. Moss, M-A-S, legal, LLC. All right. What is the best phone number to reach you with some information? 815-751-1809. All right. Is there a secondary phone number that you'd like us to have? There is not. I mean, I can give you the email address if that helps. Perfect. Yeah, I'll take an email address from you. Deb, the e-b, at debmosslegal.com. So I've Deb, the e-b, at debmoss, M-A-S, legal.com. Yep. All right. So I'm going to get this information right over to the Shredder that does service the Stelman Valley area. They're going to contact you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well with some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. Okay. In that email, they'll also just be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. If you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay. All right. Thanks so much. Thank you. I'm going to try to transfer you actually. So hold on. Okay. Thank you for calling Shredder America. You're going to wait on a brief hold. We'll be with you as soon as possible. Thanks. You are the next caller in line. You may press the star key at any time to leave a voicemail. To request a call back, press 9. Music is disruptive with your favorite from the A-D-E. I will my safety glasses like so I can, so I can, so it's through all these files. All right. Thanks for holding it. It does look as if the Shredder is on the other line with another customer. So I'm going to get this information right over to them. And then as soon as they get a moment, they'll contact you back with some info. Okay. There's signs. Okay. Thank you so much. Have a good day. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.