 Thank you for following record nations. So, Ashley, how can I help you? Ashley, just quick question. Do you scan your books? We can do your books with what we do very high volume scanning. So, do you have lots of your books, sir? Well, right now I'm testing your service with a year book and then I have about 50 year books. I'm a school. I'm a school and we're trying to pull the data out of them. They can't be destructive. Can you do it without destructive? Yeah, we're going to book scanning where you don't unbound the year books. Yes. Which is it called? 28277. 28277. Okay, perfect. And, what do you see that I'm minimum? 28277. Okay, perfect. And, what do you see that our minimum should be? So, yeah, we do have some book scanning options but like I said, our minimums are pretty high. So, I would want to know kind of what your full project is just to have our scanners and get you a quote on that. Okay, well, right now I'm going to start. I've got permission from my school to do a year book. We have 40 some year books. So, but we may not be just going to do. I don't know that I can guarantee you that we're going to do all 40. Do you have any place that you would recommend? Well, do you know how many pages that your book is? The one? Let me tell you, it's not a big year book. So, let me, this is 1976. This is about, oh my god, this would happen when you let students do things. I'm laughing, they should be doing it. But, about 200 pages. Okay, let me try to refer you to someone because that doesn't meet our minimums but if you do decide to get a quote on the whole project, you know, maybe propose that to them. We're happy to get you a quote on my full scanning. But I will get you in touch with, is this a cell phone that you're on? No, this is a school number 704 846 7275. Okay. Go ahead. So, I do have a company called ARC and they're at a Charlotte. They offer scanning and that might be something they can help you with and I can give you their number. Please give me their number. Yeah, their number is 704 333309. ARC, thank you very much. Thank you. Bye-bye. All right, bye-bye.