 Thank you for calling Shred Nation. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi. I was hoping I can get maybe like a quarter an estimate on a shredding service for our business. Yeah. Do you know roughly how many file boxes or files were of shredding that you may have in total? As of right now, it's looking like it could be over 20. We still have to go through some boxes and see if those are able to get shredded at this time. But I'm going to definitely save for sure over 20. I just don't know when exact amount. I was wondering if there's maybe like some type of service where you would have been able to get shredded. Or if you were able to get a bunch of files where you all drop off like a big container maybe and then if we fill that up, I don't know, is that a thing? So generally, the only thing we need to do is to get a bunch of files. We've been with you if it's an ongoing service. So if it's a bin that they have and they do regularly. But if with just a one-time purge you're going to bring a bin with them. So they will have a bin with them on that day. What is your zip code? 60301. So let me gather a little info from you and then I can have the shredder get you some pricing and some information. My first name is Adriana. A-D-R-I-A-N-A. Thank you. And what is your last name? Aguilar. G-U-I-L-A-R. Thank you. What's the name of the business you're with? Sorry. The name of the business that you're with? The name of the business that I'm with? Hello. Yes, I'm sorry. What is the name of the business? The name of the business is Town and Country Dental. I'm sorry. It might be my phone breaking up a little bit. That's all right. My phone's been having issues as well. So it could be me. And so Town and Country Dental, and what is the best phone number to reach you with information? 708-3830-330. Okay. Is there a secondary phone number you'd like us to have? No, that's good. Okay. And a good email address for you. You can email me at Adriana at ahealthysmile.com. All right. Adriana, A-D-R-I-A-N-A, at aivnapplehealthysmile.com. Correct. Wonderful. All right. I'm going to get this info. There's three shredders that do service the Oak Park area. I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will be a small section that also asks how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click, one-to-five-star review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. All right. Sounds good. Thank you so much. Thank you. You have a wonderful day. You too. Bye-bye.