 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, I actually I'm crying. We are looking for someone who can send a truck out to a house on the northwest side of Chicago. I see you're at 4209 North Milwaukee. Do you send shredding trucks to homes? Not from that location. That's a drop-off surf speedy location. But what's your zip code and I can look into a truck service? 606-18. 606-18 got it. Okay and you said this is a residence there? Yes it is. How many file boxes or file drawers of Shredding would you estimate that you have? Well we're putting them in that. I really should check this out with my husband. I want to say at least 50 garbage bags. So I don't know. A firm one. And are we talking like black lawn and leaf bags or kitchen size bags? I think that we might be talking about kitchen bags that they're not as hard to you know they're not as heavy. So maybe 50 kitchen bags are thinking? Yes I'll check with my husband. Let's go with 50 for right now though. Okay. Okay. Alright so let me gather a little information from you and then I'm going to have the shredders of do service the Chicago area contact you directly with pricing and availability. What's your first and last name? My first name is Pam. P.A.M. and my last name is Rischer. R-I-S-H-E-R. Thank you and what's the best phone number to reach you? 708 308 5668. Alright is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? I don't think so. Okay and a good email address. I'm sorry what? A good email address? Oh email. I'm probably surprised to be my husband. Bruce.Rischer at gmail.com. So VBRUPE. And then that same list name R-I-S-H-E-R at gmail.com. I'll give you mine too. It's some mess. Let mine is Rischer's R-I-S-H-E-R-S at aol.com. I mean I could look for a lot of things going to junk and stuff like this if it's aol. Oh sure. We can always we'll just send it to the first one here for Bruce. But what I'll do is that there's two shredders that do service that area there in Chicago Pam. So I'm going to have each of them contact you directly with some competitive pricing and some information. Okay. So we'll have each of them in touch directly and then I am going to send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. And that email. Well done. That's at the Rischer's one. Because he's at the house cleaning and he will not be checking. I'm doing the backsliding. Okay. So use that for that for sure. Use R-I-S-H-E-R-S at aol.com. I'm in the house. I'm checking it out. He's with another person on my sister that's doing the cleaning and my cut thing. They're doing the cleaning. They're putting the things into the bag. So he is not checking his email. Okay. So Rick, I live in Oak Park. There on the northwest side of Chicago. Okay. Well I will go ahead and have these two shredders in touch as soon as they get a moment with them full Pam. Okay. Thank you Ashley. Thank you. Bye bye.