 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi. I was calling to see if you guys allow us to drop off paper to be shredded. We do list and drop off options. How many file boxes or file drawers are shredding in the US to meet you have in total? Like 25. 25 boxes? OK. With that amount, that is too much to take to any drop off location. The drop off that we do list are UPS stores that handle about three boxes or less. So if you message you have, there is a better option where a truck can actually come to you to shred and I can get you some information on that. OK. That would be great. What says it could have where that is located? 9.4, 5.96. All right. And is this at a business, residence, storage, instead of business? OK. So yeah, gather some information here and then I'm going to have the shredder for Walnut Creek contact you directly with a quote. What's your first and last name? ED. C-L-N-B-E-I-L-I-N. And then ED is at E-D-I-E? No, K-A-T-I-E. OK, do you say thank you? All right. And what is the name of the business that you're with? Fort Polio's development. All right. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? 8-8-425-2186. All right. Is there a secondary phone number you'd like us to have? Yeah, that's OK. OK. And a good email. My last name, B-E-I-L-I-N, underscore K-D-I-L-I-N. And let me make sure I have this spell corrected. Be as in boy, E-I-L-I-N is in Nancy underscore K-D at Yahoo.com. Yep. All right. So there are two shredders that do service Walnut Creek. I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on the list. And then I'll send you a link to the list. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will be a small section as well that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. All right. Thanks so much. You have a great day. You too. Thank you. Bye-bye.