 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, I've never had this done. I'm just a residential that just going through old paperwork and there's too much VISTAs to air up. Sure. I am in Evansville, Indiana, so I don't know UPS. I can bring it there, but just tell me something about it. Okay. Well, how many file boxes or file drawers are shredding? I think it's a plastic tub with papers in it. I don't know how much. It's been, yeah. If it's a plastic tub or a 90-tonne, and if you don't need to witness the shredding, you can look into a drop-off service. Those are going to be UPS storage, mail centers, things like that that will offer that. What's your zip code, and I can see what's nearby. Oh, I think it's the UPS store, probably. Is there anybody that just comes and picks it up or it's probably cheaper just to go take it? What's less than 90-pound strap-off is your cheapest option, most likely? What's your zip code? 47715. There's a place called for RONAs, I know, but then I take it there and they shred it in front of me. Okay. Yeah, these UPS storage don't generally shred in front of you. They'll charge you by the pound to keep it, and then it shreds later. So I'm going to go ahead and do as I'm going to text you a couple UPS store locations. If you call them directly, they'll let you know what they charge in a ther's room and there've been. Yeah, I just talked to one close by me. I know where that is. Okay. But I kind of feel uncomfortable just being stored though. We're not sure of it, you know, right away. Yeah, so yeah, unfortunately, the only onsite option I would have is a truck service that does come to your location. And that would offer onsite. It looks like in that area. There is a truck service that would service the area. I just don't have the close out of this office. Yeah, no, none of the walk ins are actually going to offer offer that. But it's more expensive. It has to might come to your place, right? Residential. For the volume you have, yeah, usually when you have over a hundred pounds, the truck can be a pretty cost effective option. But with what you have, I say drop off would be your best option. Drop off would be. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye.