 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, ma'am. This is the column from Breeze Animal Hospital on Beckney Road. I just noticed that you guys are on Panama City Beach as well. Is that correct? Well, we do have a drop-off location there. It's actually inside the UPS door. They handle drop-off services. How long have I got to check? How long have I got to check your bags of shredding you have? We usually use shredded. I just seen your name come up on when I was doing Google searches. We use shredded in the past, but I know they sometimes take a little bit of time. We have quite a few boxes. There are stairs that have old client files and we're in the process. Unfortunately, we're being forced to remodel because we had a flooding in our animal hospitals. We have tens of boxes of old client files and we need them all securely shredded. Okay. Do you guys want location or take off location and could take up boxes? Depends on the area, generally with anything more than a small amount. It would be the truck service that comes to you. What's your zip code? Okay. 3, 2, 4, 0, 7. And roughly, how many file boxes or file doors do you estimate you have in total? If I had guessed, there probably is an average, maybe 50-200. Honestly, most are in file boxes or copy-cabre boxes. Yeah, we can take that range. No problem. Let me gather information from you and I'm going to have the service area get you some information on this. What's your first thing? Peggy Wilson. Peggy Wilson. What's the name of the animal clinic you're with? Breathe animal hospital. BREEZ, like the wind. Sorry if it's not loud. We have fans going in the back. No problem. We have two here first. How many would breathe animal clinics? Animal hospital. Yes, man. Okay, perfect. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? Right now our phones are forwarded because we're close today and tomorrow. My useful number is 850-832-7026. All right. Is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? Our business phone is 850-233-7091. But you probably won't get through on that one before they definitely on this one. Yes, man, this is the phone. Then a good email. Breathe doctors all spelled out. BREEZ and the doctors all spelled out with an S. Breathe doctors at knowledgey.net. And knowledgey is K-N-O-L-O-D-Y.net. I know it's weird. It's now wow, but it used to be knowledgey. Okay. I've got Breathe doctors, D-O-C-T-O-R-S, at K-N-O-L-O-D-G-S-N-J-Y. Yes, man. .net. Okay, got it. Yes, man. Got it. All right. So I've got two shredders of service to Panama City area. I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will say you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. Okay. So also be just a small section peggy that's just going to ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay. That would be perfect. Thank you. All right. Well, we'll have them in touch. You have a great day. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Bye-bye.