 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, Ashley. This is a little over the talk. I put in for a quote yesterday and I had two missed calls and I'm so sorry about that. I know, but I am. Yeah. I try to fill in both here and I can see what we were needing from you at one moment. All right. I do see your information here Elizabeth. So yeah, we were just curious. The shredding that you have is this located at a business, a resident storage. It is at my mother's little house. We're in Hollywood. All right. And it's a lot. Sure. Yeah. How many file boxes or trash bags is shredding? Do you have to meet you? Yeah. OK. So we've only made it through one room. And I know for at least a year. I know for sure one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. I'm going to count that. I would go with 15 of the like, shimidium size classic coat. OK. Would you say there like, you can see in length or something like that or a foot like they could sit like a large envelope in it for the longest length. I'm not a regular. Would you say the longest length of those totes is because they come in, you know, there's like 18 inch, maybe 24 inch in length, 36. There's multiple in different sizes. OK. I guess if you were just to envision everything in like a small 10 by 12 by 15 inch copy paper box, roughly how many small copy paper boxes could you fill? Are we talking like 20 plus or? Yes. Oh, definitely. OK. And I haven't even made it into her office yet. So there's more. OK. Do you think it's been a double or what's your estimate? I'm really bad at this. There's just a lot. That's estimate is just fine for now. We can always of course be adjusted as you start to narrow it down. But we can leave it at about 20 plus boxes then. And then OK, yeah, that's that'll help. OK, we'll just say maybe 20 plus boxes you can fill. And then so what I'll do here is I have a shredder that does service that Hawthorne area where a truck would come to you for the shredding. OK. So contact you directly with some competitive pricing and some availability to see if that's something that may work for you. OK. OK. All right. We'll have them in touch. You have a great day. And then one other thing. I appreciate your time. You're welcome. I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some information on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, I'll be a small section that also asked how my customer service was today. It's a quick one click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. You're so much sure. Well, thank you. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. You're good at it. Bye.