 Thank you for calling Shreddation. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, Ashley. How are you? I'm doing well. How are you? Good, thank you. I want to say hi to the sudden services work. Yes, so there's a couple of options that are offered based on your volume. How many file boxes or file drawers are shredding? You estimate you have in total. I'm moving, so it's not a huge amount, but it's one big, one blue bin, and then two like, rolly two cases, four baby. Okay, do you think it's less than 90 pounds in total? I would say yes, but I have no idea. Basically anything less than 90 pounds, if you don't need to witness the shredding, drop off can be a great option for you. Those are going to be UPS stores, mail centers, things like that, that offer that service. Well, I really would like to witness the shredding because I know I have a lot of legal documents in that. Okay, so if you want to witness the shredding, then that does require the truck to come to you to shred on site. So what is your, what's your zip code? 11758. 11758, got it. Okay, this would be at a resident? Yes. Perfect. So in that area, there is a truck service that can come directly to you. I don't have the pricing out of this office, but what I can do is have the shredder for the area contact you back with a quote. So let me gather some information here. What's your first and last name? So are Solano? Laura, you said? No, Doris. Doris, okay. Last name, Solano, S-O-L-A-N-O. S-A-L-O-N-O, okay. What is the best phone number to reach you? 9117. 238. 5560. All right. Is there a secondary phone number you'd like us to have? No, that's not even. Okay. And what is a good email address for you? Sure. Doris, D-S-C-A-O. Sorry, I didn't hear that. What was it? Doris, C-O-R-I-S, D-S-C-A-O-L dot-com. Did you say D is in David, S is in Sam, T is in Tom? No, P is in Peter. S is in Sam, T is in Tom at AOL. Yes. Okay. So I'll get this right over to the shredder that services the area. I'll get you pricing and information. And you know roughly, I'm sorry, you said maybe three or four file boxes if it was in that size box? Is that correct, or? Yeah. Okay. So I'll have the shredder in touch as soon as they get a moment with info. I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some information on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good day.