 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi, Ashley. I'm calling because I have some documents, no other contracts that we need to scan. So I just wanted to understand the process, forgetting a quote, and how we would work to get you the documents and so on. So just some basic questions. Sure. Of course. What says they're put of where the records are located? 1, 1, 2, 0, 1. Right. And roughly how many file boxes or file drawers of records do you estimate you have? Right now they're in binders. So it's about 20 kind of wide binders. I don't know if that's OK. Do you know the size of the binders? How many pages they hold? Or if you could imagine how many file boxes you could fill with the paperwork in those 20 binders? Yeah. Look at them. So they're the really wide ones. Maybe 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. I mean, I would say 6, but maybe with some other stuff, maybe with talking pen file boxes. Like very high end. Sure. The pump pen, maybe small file boxes worth of records. Oh, perfect. And then what have in nature of these documents are they business, legal, medical records, business contracts, or the legal business contracts? It's a contract. Perfect. And are these contracts primarily single-sided or they double-sided and mixture of poles? They might be a mixture of both primarily single-sided, but I'm sure there's a couple double-sided. OK. If you were to put a rough percentage of what would be single-to-double, what would you do for your estimate? It's say 75% single. OK. 75%, 25%. And then once you receive pricing on this project, that's of course it's approved. And you all decide to move forward with that. Is that something that you're looking to scan as soon as possible once approved within a couple of weeks within a month? Yeah. I mean, really as soon as possible. Like probably end of next week or beginning of the following week, I don't know how long you need and what the process is. OK. Sure. So you have to look around. I can idea of time frame. But yes, I can definitely have a good info on this. So let me gather a little info. And then I'm going to have the record to scan as a do-service Brooklyn, get you some information on this. What is your first and last name? So Vivian, the IVIN, Burkhan, B-E-R-G-H-A-H-N. H-A-H-N, OK. And what is the name of the business that you're with? It's Burkhan Books, B-E-R-G-H-A-H-N, B-O-K-S. Book. All right. So that's your last name, B-E-R-G-A-H-N book. OK, correct, yep. All right. And what is the best phone number to reach you? And 917-536-4505. All right. Is there a secondary phone number you'd like us to have? No, I think this is, this should catch me. It's my cell phone. OK. And a good email address for you. I'm probably going to give you a private one. But that's OK. B, B, as in boy, E-R-G-H-A-H-N at yahu.com. All right. So it's B for Vivian, then your last name, B-E-R-G-H-A-H-A-H-A-H-A-Yahu.com. Correct, yep. And again, that's B as in boy, correct? Sorry, B is in big zone, Vivian. Oh, I'm sorry. B is in boy, correct? Yes, yep, yep, yep. All right. Got it. Thank you so much for that. So I have three scanners that do service Brooklyn. I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. OK. In that email. Perfect. Yeah, they'll have all those contact information. And in that email, there will be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click one-to-five-star review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Sure, absolutely. Great. All right. Tell me, if it's like OCRing or what kind of scanning that will happen and what to do with the contracts after this scan, will that then vary by depending on the vendor? Is that part of the? Yeah, they'll get you all the information on how you would get that scanned in, what type of organizing or separating the thing to do with those records. So yeah, they'll go over all those options with you. OK. Brilliant. OK. All right, great. OK, thank you so much. Yeah, great day. Yeah, you're welcome. Bye-bye. Bye.