 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Ashley, I'm calling to get a quote on shredding some documents. Okay. Yeah, how many boxes are bags of shredding would you estimate that you have? Okay, it's two boxes there. I would say it's a medium moving box in a small. Two big boxes, one medium and one small. So if it's less than 90 pounds and you don't need to witness the shredding, drop off to be a good option for you. What's your zip code? 10462. 10462? Yes. All right. Is this a cell phone that you're on? Yes, it's on mine. This is my mom's home. This is my mom's home. Oh, I'll just transfer you that. There's a UPS store off a document. I can transfer you there. They'll let you know what they charge and if there's room in there, okay? Can you give me the old you said it's less than? Well, if it's a, well, I guess it would be the same equivalent. It would be equivalent to two medium moving boxes. Okay. Do you think it's less than 90 pounds or do you think it's more than that? Yes, probably. Okay. So if it's less than 90 pounds, drop off is a good option. Let me transfer you to the drop off location and they can get your info, okay? The the mammoths is more than 90 pounds, what your app has its cost. The net requires a truck service to come to you to shred on site. I see. And what's what's your starting rate on that? I'm just curious. Oh, let me see in that area on the road. All right. And is this is this Peggy by chance? This is our daughter Sharon. Oh, okay. I see that Peggy's information was in here. So yeah, it looks like in that area. Let me see. So the truck service in that area is $189 and that will shred anything up to 300 pounds or about nine file boxes. And this is over 90 pounds. Yeah, that's anything less than 300 pounds would be that 189. Okay. And do you know how much UPS charges is under it? I don't, but I can transfer you to one nearby if you'd like to speak with them. Yes, please. Thank you. Okay. Hold on just a moment. Welcome