 Thank you for calling Record Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Well, good afternoon, Ashley. We've had an organization and we get a lot of mail from people around the country and we have a big backlog of letters. What we want to do is digitize these letters and be able to sort them out according to records that have appendices of documents that we don't need to scan those documents. We'll probably keep them, but we just want to diminish the load of correspondences that you don't need to hold on to. So, wondering, do you, does your service kind of letters via scanning or photographer photos and can they put them into a Google Sheet specifically into Google Sheets so that my team and I could manage this archive better. You know, the key to archive within additional letters come to us. We're able to also, in the appropriate places, apply the data to a Google Sheet. So, yes, I can get you some information. Do you already have these letters? Like how many file boxes or file drawers do you estimate that you have? You know, in terms of like a file drawer, I can't really find about six, five to six. Okay. And five to six file boxes worth or file drawers, you said, records? Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. And what says that code of where it's located? It's in Times Square, an area Times Square, and that happened to be just your opposite code. Do you need better than that? Yeah, I would need a zip code of the location there to see what options I have. All right. One hundred and nineteen. All right. One hundred nineteen. Perfect. And you said these are letters. Are these primarily single sided? Are they double sided and mixture of both? I make sure of both. I make sure of single sided double sided as well as some transcripts, motions, things of that nature, the most legal of nature on so-and-so combination of all three of those. And then once you receive pricing, is this something you're looking to scan as soon as possible within a couple of weeks with what's in a month? A set. Okay. It's in the week. All right. So let me gather a little info from you and then I'm going to have the scanners that do service the area, get you some information on this. What's your first and last thing? First name is Sky SKYE. Our last name is Williamson W I AM S. Oh, N. All right. And what is the name of the business that you're with? We're nonprofit organization reform or EFORM reform. Okay. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? Ninety nine five two six eight three four zero. All right. Is there a secondary number you'd like us to have? No, no, no. Is it? And a good email address for you. SKYE at reform alliance dot com. That's R E S O R M A L L I A N C E. It's just name SKYE at reform alliance dot com. Correct. All right. And reform is our E F O R M. You said correct. All right. All right. I'm going to get this over to there's three scanners that do service at area. They're in New York. So I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well. It's going to have some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, also be a small section that does have to my customer service was today. It's a quick one click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Okay. Thank you. Thanks so much. Have a good day. Thank you.