 Thank you for calling Medical Waste Pro. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hi Ashley. I have a lot of old prescriptions that I'm trying to dispose of and I don't...is that something that I could do at the location near me with you guys? I guess. So there's a few options offered based on your volume. How many boxes or...or I'm sorry. What was it exactly? Did you see it was sharp? No. I don't think I have any sharks in there. I think I may have a couple of those...like those like pre-filled pins like where you do a shot and then you turn it and you do the other one. You know what I mean? Stuff like that. But there's two or three. But mainly it's like older pills or like cough syrups or maybe like a couple inhalers. The thing that I've accumulated over the years is just shit that I don't need anymore and I have a two-year-old. I'm just trying to get my house... I'm just trying to get my house out of the house that I don't need. But I have like...I have like three like pretty large...like I have like a grocery...like a classic grocery bag. Like I have one of those at full. I have like another bag that's like pretty full like another big bag. I've got like a cold like two, maybe three bags of just a breath. One of your best options with a mix of things like that is going to be...we list a website called Ship and Shred. You can actually ship out different items. They'll shred and destroy them and then send you back as certificate of destruction. Because there are places that'll take like pharmaceuticals, things like that, like pills. And then there's places that'll take sharks. But there's not a place that would really take all those little different things that you have. So one of the best options... Okay. Maybe ship and shred. I can look into some options on that for you. What's your zip code? 777-386. Okay. So if you are interested in that, I can get you in touch with someone that can kind of walk you through the options of ship and shred if you'd like. Yeah, but that's fine. But so just...that's not that would come get it today though. I don't believe so. I don't know how quick that is. It's like you print out the label. Try to do it from home and I know they do pick it up. I just don't know how soon. Yeah. And like I said, the other options I have, there's some pharmacies that'll take pharmaceuticals and then there's some like med-spas that'll take sharks and things like that. And I'm happy to text you some options on that. But I just don't believe they'll take inhalers, you know, other odds and ends and things like that. Okay. But I can text you some options of some pharmacies that do take some things if you'd like to call around there. Yeah, that would be great. I'm trying to get it out of my house today. I've just got to get it out. I took the day off and I'm just trying to keep it wise my time. Sorry. Of course. No, I hear you. I know. So I just texted you a couple options. One of them is a pharmacy. It looks like one of them. Well, they're both pharmacies. One just shows it's sharks, take sharks, the other says it takes pharmaceuticals. So yeah, if you want to call around, see what they can take from you, you know, what not. If you find that, you know, they're not really taking much of what you have. I'm just going to send you a link to ship and shred. Maybe you can at least just get that set boxed up, you know, ready to go labeled up to be picked up. You know, if that's some. Perfect. Yeah. So I just sent you some options there. So yeah, what is your first name, ma'am? A page, P-A-I-G-E. Thank you, page. I did go ahead and get that set right over to you. I'll send you another text as well. It's actually just going to ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one to five star review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that'd be appreciated. Of course. No, thank you. This has been very helpful. I really appreciate it. You're very welcome. You have a good day. You too, honey. Bye-bye.