 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, you're the same as Miami Shredding Service. Yeah, so that's the name of our domain, but the name of our business is Shred Nations. Okay, and you're located in Brickle area? Don't tell Miami. Yeah, so no, I'm at our corporate office, but we do have some different drop-off locations or we have truck services that come to you for larger volume. How many boxes do you have? I think all together it's going to be about 50 boxes. 19 of them are small and the rest are, I would say medium size. Some say large, but the writing on the box says medium size from Walmart. So the 19 boxes are maybe similar in size to like a small copy paper box? Yeah, that actually says small one. And again, I think it's a small moving box from Walmart and the other one is a medium size moving box. Okay, the medium size, I don't know, maybe two feet in length, would you say? I have this dimensions, but before we get to that though, I noticed the address says 10-01 brick will be dry. Is it that you have an office there? Is that your corporate office? That's not the corporate office. That's probably where a drop-off location is for smaller amounts of shredding. What's your zip code and I can kind of maybe see where it works? Well, I'm there in that building that's what caught my attention. And I'm like, oh, maybe they're right here in this building. We're on the 27th floor. So normally those small, or I'm sorry, for the small amounts of shredding, those UPS stores, mail centers, things like that are going to be the drop-off services. So that might be what's connected to your building possibly. But drop-off as opposed to you picking up from our office? Well, drop-off is only for three boxes or less. So that wouldn't really be an option for your amount. Right. But the better option is going to be a truck service that I can get you some info on that. So, okay. So I can give you dimensions. I know you need a dimension. And more or less when we would be ready, let's be shredding. The sizes are... Okay. So the medium size box is 22L by 13W by 15.58. There are 11 of those. Okay. And let's see where is the other one. Okay. Let's keep it off the desk. Oh. This is just fine that somewhere else. But anyway, it'll be smaller than that. Oh, maybe if I go to the Walmart site. Walmart small box. So there's 11 of those. 22 by 13 by 15. You said? Right. And 19 of the small moving boxes. If I see a picture of it, then I can get the dimensions. Okay. So the... Okay. Okay. So I saw... Wait. It says... Yeah, it's pan and gear, but it's the... Wow. And I don't see any of that space. Here. Okay. But I mean it's something I can have ready when we're going to place the order. Okay. And we may need the shredding service for pickup like Friday of next week. August is first. Okay. But I just want to find out how much you'll be. Okay. You said 50 boxes in total correct. But you said 19 small ones at 11 large. But that's only adding up to 30. 30? Okay. So... Thought we had 50. Did you mean it was a lot of fun? I don't know. Maybe 31 large and 19 tall. No. There aren't that many large. There are more small. But for some reason, I think we just had had some extra... Okay. Let's just say for argument, say it might be 40 and I'll get a better count tomorrow. But the last we had was listed at 31 with that breakdown 19 and 11. And there was an extra one there. Okay. Okay. For some reason, I'm coming up with this additional 10. Okay. Let's say for argument, say there was this 40 boxes. So maybe 20 every size. Yeah. So let's say the size that's showing up apparently is 17 by 11 by 12 for the little one. Okay. But I'm just... Okay. So I've got 20... About 20 small boxes and maybe 20 of the larger correct. Yeah. And what's your zip code? 33131. Okay. Perfect. Yeah. So let me gather just a little information from you and then I'm going to have the shredder that does service the area. Get you some pricing and some information on this. What is your first and last name? Georgia. Gillette. G-I-L-L-E-T-T. And first name is Georgia. You said? Uhuh. All right. And Georgia, what's the name of the business that you're with? The Gillette law firm, PA. All right. And what is the best phone number to reach you with an information? 924-822-1330. All right. Is there a secondary phone number you'd like us to have? Uhuh. That one's good. All right. And then what is a good email address for you? William, that's W-I-L-L-I-A-M-S. Georgia, G-E-O-R-G-I-A-A-T. Hotmail.com. So I have William, Georgia, G-E-O-R-G-I-A-A-T at Hotmail.com. All right. All right. So what I'll do here, Georgia, there's two shredders that do service the Miami area. So I'm going to have each of them in touch with you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you email. What's the name of the company? Yeah. I'll send you an email with their profiles and their information. But it looks like the two companies I'll have you in touch with is Green Tech Shredding, as well as A1 Shredding. Okay. All right. So I'm going to have these two shredders in touch with students again a moment. I'll send you an email with some information. In that email, as well, Georgia, there will be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Let me ask, if they are picking up, do you provide the certificate of insurance because our building management would require a certificate of insurance, they'll have to move these boxes from the 27th floor in the freight elevator to downstairs where I imagine the truck will be on site. Do you provide that at no charge to us? So there's certificates of destruction. I know that you'll receive once they're destroyed. Regarding the certificate of insurance, definitely speak with the shredder on that. I believe they definitely are in the business of shredding secure documents. So if there is, I'm sure that's something that they can provide for you, but that is something you'll have to speak with them about. We'll have them in touch as soon as they get a moment to start getting you some details on that. Okay. Okay. Great. I'm sorry. I do have to run another call. Okay. That I have to say. Okay. Bye.