 Thank you for calling Shred Nation. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yeah, hi. Yeah. My name's Shawn Draud. I'm calling from Lostene, Oregon, about two hour drive away. And I've got two totes. I'd be seat totes worth of papers that need to be shredded. That would be about maybe 50 boxes. OK. I don't know if you're familiar with what an IBC toe is. Is it similar in size to like the small 15 inch copy paper boxes, or are they similar in size to the two foot one? 15 inch, more like a 15 inch. All right. So about 15 of those. And what's the zip code of where it's located? We can, I can bring it to you. So with that amount, it's a service where the truck would come to you for this writing. Well, it's a two hour drive. Well, I just needed the code to see if we serve it to area. OK. So it wouldn't be an option for me to bring them to you. No, sir. The UPS source, the only one that accepts drop off, and they can take three boxes or less. Well, that's going to be expensive, I would think. Because you're in Walla, Walla. No, that's not a drop off location. That's not where the trucks come from. OK, just like I argued, is it put, I have to look it up. So look it up. OK, it's 9, 7, 8, 5, 7, 9, 7, 8, 5, 7, 7, 7. OK, is this a residence, a business, storage? It's a residence. All right. So there is a truck service that does routes in the area. So let me gather a little information from you, and then I can have them contact you directly with info. What's your first and last name? John Gerard, G-I-R-O-D. All right, John. And what is the best phone number to reach you with information? 971-372-8353. All right. Is there a secondary phone number that you'd like us to have? No. All right, and a good email. J-O-H-N-G-I-R-O-D-21 at gmail.com. Perfect. All right, John. Well, I'm going to go ahead and get this right over to the shredder that does service the Loasting Area. They're going to contact you directly with some pricing and some information. And then I will send you an email as well with some info on who that is that we're getting you in touch with. In that email, there will be a small section that does ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick one-click review. If you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. OK, very good. You were good. You're very smart. Thank you. Thank you. There we go. That's what matters. So we'll have these shredders in touch as soon as they get a moment. OK. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye.