 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Yes, hi. Ashley, I'm calling for the first time. Just wanted to get some more information from you about the process of or your cost of, you know, how shredding works. We've got like seven boxes right now and then we also do do mobile and then we have a bunch of boxes at a storage facility that make it be shredded. How many boxes are there? There's a few options that are offered based on the volume. How many boxes are bags do you estimate you have? So at the house there are about seven. There'll be less than 10 and then if the storage facility, I would say 20 maybe 30. I can't say. So would you want to go to two separate locations or would you bring the seven boxes to the storage unit or what would. Depending on the cost. So if we were to bring the seven. Are you in you have a facility in Carroll. So the best option is going to be a truck service coming to you, even if you only had the seven boxes. So your best bet would probably be to just, you know, centrally locate all those in one location. So I would take the seven boxes to the storage unit and then just have the truck go to that location because the drop off locations are for three file boxes or less. So there are great options for those of small amounts. But if you have anything more than that small amount, the truck service will be your better option. Truck you're saying. Okay. And can you give an estimate on how the the pricing works? Yeah. So I can definitely get you some information on that. What's the zip code of where the storage unit would be or where you'd have the truck go? Oh, that's a good question. 75. 75. 75. 0. 6. Still, Carroll. 7. 75. 0.6 in Carroll. 10. Okay. And that's a storage unit there. Yes. Okay. So we're taking anywhere from 20 to 40 boxes or somewhere total. If you took the other ones there. That's correct. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So I'm going to go ahead and get you some pricing and information on this. What's your first and last name? My first name is Mohammed. My last name is Adatia. A-D-A-T-I-A. A-D-A-T is in Tom, I-A. Yes, correct. Okay. And do you have another name of the storage facility there? It's a U-Haul facility on, I think it's Spring Valley. I can't remember. I think it's Yellow Springs. I think it's a Yellow Springs. I think it's a Yellow Springs. Or it's a Yellow Springs. Okay. Or it's a marsh area. Okay. It's a storage. And what's the best phone number to reach you with information? 972-897-4066. All right. Is there a second-dairy phone number that you'd like us to have? No. All right. And a good email. Pardon? Pardon? I'm sorry. Good email address. Can you call me, just call me, please? I'm sure, yeah. We can have a call you. So what I'll do here, there are two shredders that do service the Carrollton area. So each of them will call you directly with pricing and information. And is this a cell phone that you're on, Mohamed? Yes, I am. Yes. Okay, perfect. So I'll let them know that they can text you as well if they have the capabilities. And I'll send you a text as well. It's just going to ask how my customer service was today. It's a quick, one-click review. So if you get a moment for that as well, that would be appreciated. Sure. Do me a favor. If you could have them text me because my phone has this block. And I probably won't get it. Okay. All right. I'll write a text. Yeah, I just got one of your texts from the national shred. Okay. Perfect. Yep. I'll note here for that. Some of them don't have the capabilities to text from the business lines, but I'll let you know. Okay. And hey, one more question. Yes. If we were to bring the seven boxes to one of the facilities, would that, would that help you make a difference? Right. If you were to what? I'm sorry. Bring the seven boxes to the shredding facility. It wouldn't really be a cost-effective option. You'd only be able to take about three boxes at a time to the drop off UPS store, and it gets very expensive that way. Your best bet is just to get those seven boxes to your storage unit most likely and then have the shredder just take care of all of that in one go. I see. Okay. And that's the shredding process takes place at the, in this case, at the storage facility, or is this all taken back to the facility and then shredding. They can all shred on site. So if you did want to witness that shredding right there at the facility, they can do that. And that's a pretty quick process to shred, you know, larger amounts. Yes. Okay. Good. I'll wait for a text from somebody with the, yeah, you'll be receiving two, two quotes that I'll have them in touch directly. Okay. That was good. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye.