 Thank you for calling Shred Nations. This is Ashley. How can I help you? Hey, Ashley, I saw you guys have a location in Duncanville. Is that the one I'm talking to? Or is it am I talking to the main office? I am at our corporate office. That location is most likely a drop-off for small amounts of shredding. Is that what you have is just a small amount? Yeah. So like I've got like where we keep, we have, we own a business, right? So there's like lots of documents in there that have like customers account numbers and things like that. And we were burning them. And I saw you guys had a location here. And we have them in like file boxes. So I wanted to find out like, is there a minimum that I need to bring in or is it done by town? Like how much does it call my handle small amounts of shredding? So if you had like two or three boxes or less, and you don't need to witness the shredding or you don't need a certificate of destruction, you look into the drop-off EPS door. Now if it's anything more than that, the better option is going to be a service where the truck comes to you for the shredding. I got you. And so like let's just say I have like, I don't know, right now, I've got two boxes. So you're saying you drop it off at EPS. It sends it to you. They don't send it to us. No, they'll have a bin. And then when that bin gets full or however so often, they have a shredding company that comes and takes care of their bin. So there's separate service in my own. We just refer customers there as a courtesy. Okay. So yeah. And then what if you all come out and shred it? How much does that usually start at? What's your zip code? 75137. And how many boxes or bags do you estimate you have? Well right now, I'm thinking we'll have about four file boxes full. Okay. So with that amount, anything, basically the truck can come to you to shred anything up to about nine file boxes, which is about 300 pounds. So anything less than 300 pounds is $155 to shred on site while you watch. No, that's cool. Yeah, it just makes me nervous like dropping it off. But you know what I mean? It just because like I have customer numbers or I don't even know what's in there. Really? Yeah. So yeah. I'm not here. Yeah, I'm sorry. I know. That's good. And then I just call you all to schedule it because we're going through them right now. And so I mean, I could have more than that. But yeah, about 300 pounds, I think it'll be a little bit less than that. I mean, I kind of measured, like I put a box on the scale and it was almost like 50 pounds. Right. Yeah, I don't want them to realize. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's a lot. But we're saying like at least a minimum like 160 bucks or something. Yeah, 155 for anything. We'll shred anything up to 300 pounds. If you'd like, I can have the scheduler contact you now or unless you'd like to call us back once you're getting a little closer to you. Yeah, let me call you back. That's super cool. And then you just schedule it and then they come out here and they just shred it for me. It's so much better than what I just tried to attempt to do. Yeah. And I want to say, even on drop-off locations like UPS stores, mail centers, things like that, they charge quite a bit per pound that it can get pretty expensive that way anyway. So yeah, that truck service is generally a pretty good option for you. No, that's awesome. Yeah, because like we do it every year will like, you know, one box, I get it, but like right now we're just kind of compiling them. And so that'll just make it all worth it. Yeah, that's perfect. No, and I'll tell you what, I'll just call you guys when I'm ready. Now that I found it, I screenshot it, save it my phone. Yeah, we're good to go. I appreciate your help. Your welcome. My name is Ashley. I'm happy to help whenever you're ready. Okay, awesome. Hey, thanks again. Thank you. Bye-bye.